Model fitting table (#2093)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/specviz/plugins.rst

will additionally show the standard deviation uncertainty of the fitted
parameter value if the parameter was not set to be fixed to the initial value.

> Parameter values for each fitting run are stored in the plugin table.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter values for each fit are stored in the plugin table.  
```

Author: I agree "fitting run" is a bit awkward, but I worry "fit" suggests that they are tied specifically to the output model object, which could be misleading.  Each time "calculate fit" is clicked, a new entry is added.... and if you overwrite the model, you still have a history of the old entry.

Reviewer: I know what you mean, but I still think the verb to describe "every time you click 'calculate fit'" should be "fit".
